Add tutorials guidelines in the main tutorials branch (#1950)
ansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/getting_started/write_code/index.rst

.. _ref_write_code:

============

> Develop code

Reviewer: Mention and redirect to the PyAnsys guidelines

============

You can help improve PyDPF-Core by fixing a bug. To do it, you must set up the repository
on your local machine as per the following steps:

- :ref:`ref_write_code_clone`
- :ref:`ref_write_code_check_install`
- :ref:`ref_write_code_develop_code`

.. _ref_write_code_clone:

Clone the repository
--------------------

> Before cloning the PyMAPDL repository, you must install a version control system such as Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before cloning the PyDPF-Core repository, you must install a version control system such as Git.
```

Then, clone and install the latest version of PyDPF-Core in development mode (using ``pip`` with the ``-e``
development flag) by running this code:

.. code::

    git clone https://github.com/ansys/pydpf-core
    cd pydpf-core
    pip install -e .

.. _ref_write_code_check_install:

Check the installation
----------------------

> Run the following Python code to verify your PyDPF-Core installation:

Reviewer: We have to mention here that we require a DPF installation for this to work.

Reviewer: Marked as not resolved as I do not see where it is mentioned

.. code::

   from ansys.dpf.core import Model
   from ansys.dpf.core import examples
   model = Model(examples.find_simple_bar())
   print(model)

.. _ref_write_code_develop_code:

> Develop the PyDPF-Core code

Reviewer: I think this can be found in the PyAnsys developer documentation, so I'd rather we redirect to what they provide.

Reviewer: Coding style [here](https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/coding-style/index.html)
How to contribute [here](https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/how-to/contributing.html)
